[AN-461] Add lifescience API deprecation warning (#7711)
broadinstitute/cromwell: README.md

First time to Cromwell? Get started with [Tutorials](https://cromwell.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/FiveMinuteIntro/).

> ### Google LifeSciences is being deprecated in July - migrate to GCP Batch

Reviewer: I don't know if "deprecated" is strong enough here - we should make it clear that it will actually stop working.

> ### Google LifeSciences is being deprecated in July - migrate to GCP Batch

Reviewer 2: Agreed, Life Sciences was deprecated two years ago.

```suggestion
### Google Life Sciences shuts down in July - migrate to GCP Batch
```

> Our WDL execution engine, Cromwell, currently leverages the Cloud Life Sciences API (sometimes referred to as PAPI) when launching workflows in Terra. 

Reviewer 3: I think community users might not know of Terra and so maybe we can remove it here and in below lines?

> Google is replacing Cloud Life Sciences with a next-generation API named GCP Batch [https://cloud.google.com/life-sciences/docs/reference/rest](learn more).

Reviewer 2: Link should be to GCP Batch since that's what we want people to use?

> We have been making changes to make Cromwell work with the new API and are now testing it in Terra.
> Migrating to Batch keeps Cromwell and Terra current with the latest improvements from GCP. We will release Cromwell on Google Batch iteratively, leveraging feedback from our community on the most important use cases.

Reviewer 2: IMO migration status in Terra is not relevant. Many Cromwell-only users have been using Batch for their production for a long time now.
```suggestion
```
